The process of the understanding of reading is the words that are critical to the story, 
understanding that every story has a plot and a beginning with a ending. 
not fully knowing the problem only understanding the story. 
this critial reading is a structured reading if it is done in the search engine the reader will get many diffrent words that starts to cosub the previous word. 
the strightfoward reading is a easy forth coming way to read the words as we are thought to read by a straight pattern it fustrated structurer readers and it makes the understanding of the story a plot to have to figure out. if the reader is able to read this way they will start off reading full sentences and once the brain catches the theroy or the story of the paragraph, the brain will automaticly ajust to the the words making a templed adjustment as to a reading a instinal sentance. The word that are missed are then re orginized by the plot of the story and make it a full understanding of the time and process of the frame by each indivisual understanding of the internal thinking process. This is a way to find the idea of the plot and why the plot was a threy to the truth and why the truth was a lie to hold a procees to the words that coexisted to each other for the theory of a story to relate to another. the idea is to fully understand the concemption of the words in other words a article or a process of thory in each of the understand of the new ideas in this case the new person was to come and orginize a story to have a claim in the idea the idea was the thought that another person was to be present only one came to the story with every one having a idea to the claiming person. it was then discovered the patterns that life was enhancing the cortexal understanding the proclaiming words that processed the indivisual at the main conception of the arcticle it was then reenhanced in the foundation of the cortex that the process was a life threat to the conception of the main title making the full claim that the title of the story was in contempt of the ploting words to counter co the theroy of the process. the one to hold in the theroy is the one who was reading the article in the time of the making of the story, making the main story or in other words the proclaiming stuation the threat to the formation of series who stood in series to the story?
which claimed to contiue in pattern of the story?

is thr idennty which claimed the pattern 
to have a major role in the life to show the process of the whole to understand fully what is happeniong during the time of the patten processing waiting for the title. until the story is in the title of the headline. 
A reader who adjustes the theory is a way to understand the story for the process to be redirected to the departments or to sociaity to verify a cortex understanding if it be to enjoy a story, to read a story, to understand the story or to reconsider a story the story make the news and the news mad the channel and the channel made the audiance and the audiance wanted more to understand fully what the story is there for and why people do what they do. making more jobs or making more news, the idea is not to understand the theroy or the story its to be safe while understanding your surroundingsm so if this does get public media understand the cortex will divert eyes mind to what your mind preceives, it will redirect then to the direct direction which your brain is telling your hempshire of the brain that is wrong or right and the process which is needed to contiune from the situation. Dont try and save a man if the man is trying to get a car and has all the tools to open the door eventully the car will open with time and a tool the brain will adjust as each tool is being used to discover the pattern of the car so he can better adjust to the vechicle. The drunken woman who didnt make it home in time for dinner will call a taxi or a friend if she walks home she will make the first process to safely and that is to stay in the lighted areas knowning dark areas have the most crime as we learned as a child the monsters under our bed, or in some cases the monsters that slept in the dark closet. the next process is to make the proper perocedure to the time and that is to make the point A fit to point B, having a percent in the safety of the next theroy the story stated the co dependent of the story was harm to her saftey if the saftey was to harm the process for the codependant how is the co dependent in the  process of the saftey with the story?  
saying the saftey was measured and not a factor to the brain or the cortex making comfort the first on stand. 
why is comfort a thory when the life is holding a contempting story to the indivual that is making adjustments to the story in life? 
comfort: the process of my cortex is only used by a series of cells that flow to the brain, i was on hold for the time being, i trust my flow of oxygen and hydrogen to counter act the flow of carbon and the cells to coenhance the pulimanry glands of the organs so my brain can receive the correct amount of foundation to the eyes if i am to blame i blame the cortex on the right and the eyes will claim my story. 
now bringing to stand two more functional parts of the body and one that is coexisting with the flow of rotation, the pulmanry glands when asked where the time was during the time comfort was missing was unable to verify the story as the comfort level was never a safety measure making the 
flow of the glands interacting with the process now having the understanding of the cortex while under the process of pressure and not safety making a new type of emotion to co exist. 

What could we do to make the comfort of another retract the coexisting emotion?







new supreme court 
the medical means of the pills were to the soldiers for the pharmacy during the time of war in 2017 starting in 2015, the 2017 had a era and the foundation of medication was broken, taking time to reconstruct each medication the military lose the opiate needed for the brain as it is the only medication that shows to conteract the brain of only a soldier. the travel was to be understood by the mind of a adult, i forget all brains only use 3 percent of the dead organ, i will recall all products and have each product sent to the military base. i will find the invoicing of the product and have a unit to interchange the same project of product back to the placement. at times it is not easy working with the boys in the orginization if i dont keep the brain from astraying to the public i could have a war on the grounds of land, with major members of grandfathers in respect to the units that are incarcerated it seems the members grow each day that passes it been years since the day i was able to return to the court house with the law as the people and boarders are being breached every day it is the most hostal that i see the people get the backlash of the members. at the moment we have plants making the carbon emissions biofriendly and the military going to the county help the people build the pods for the homeless, with much trust in the memebers that i spend most the time it, feels it a lose to the myself and the people as the people grow inpatient with the changes, and everyday working double the time with the judges and the congress and now supreme court, along with the door of legislation peaking it is not the time of year that can say we are making the better change of the county or the country. The covid lost many investers of the counrty that it seemed important that we continued with the same outlooks of the constution and the process to request in the foundations of our land, with less time and attetion to the memebers it has slipped to the death rate in the means of the new medical drug the opiate that was to be sent to the bases in a way the boarder was to not fully understand as the boarder grows stronger every day the one thing that is not a option is remove the boarder of its authorty having to find new ways to have the members busy in the cortex and have momental foundations back to the states and all boarders by every transportion, one has slipped and may have caused a mass in the age >the recommended of the pill. i will first complete a cencus to make sure we are still withen the range of the investement to the land making sure we are in the low range of people to land, find the manufature and have the diagram looked at and then, return to the third party of both the manufatures and stop production have the supplies packed and sent to the department for a better inspection for the approval of each supply to be entered correctly to the states. If at any time one dont pass, i will look to see which counrty approves the product and have a transportation to the supplies. Again i do apololigize as the members grow in the testostrone rate it seems a new grandfather is in the making as mine sit with the units i can only hope a authorty is being respected in the prisons as the members outgrow the orginization and re adopt their own way of life, it the only way to fully understand the way and foundation of each objective. i have many time had the fda approval of the medication being sent in the boys it gets sent to is the emergancy motion of the ships while at bay in the war with the products suppose to be separated by order it seems to have mixed with the people and foundations of the purpose. once again the misunderstanding is the lives of the people never intended to have the medical means of the people the medication is a strict procedure to the military until the military appoved the product no civililan was to use the medical product. the foundation of the structure was to complete a motion of the warfare horizontal 20 ton metal from point A to point B with saftey meaures, the compartment was for the protection of the hazard that is to be adusted to the 20 ton of metal. I have seemed to inharet not only my investment of the base at the miltiary also the children when the main authorty went to incarceration unable to rewuest a removal by the means of militry or court The next thing is to adjust to the departments, the members, and the people. 

my condolences to the people and your loss, i am working with the boys of the memeber units by the serial cortex trying to find which apart of the brain is compacting the learning process. The truth is many of the mebmbers i work with has experanced murder and once the attempt to this process is done the brainis at loss the learn not to do it again. i cant blame the person as the brain is proven by reseach anmd study to be able to reprocess a cure. once again back to the same issue the cortex only this time with a new set of eyes and departments watching over the projects, the last hope in the end is to get the problem that has been winning on all our lands. we fight everyday for the issues and the main problem only increases. we are losing a battle and even with separating the people by the means of cortex compressions it only a matter of time before the road is flowed back and it will domino the affect to lands. With respect to the president i do hope the lands are going good and i also sent the funds that was intercepted back to africa as the comissioner should of recived it and he makes the return by plane and a call to the president. i do aploigize again if your funds in your county was taken. some othe major foundations of the electrical trnasfers did get serurity mesures and may have to be seprated by request ot major departments of the railroad thank you. 


please inform me of any other issues to the product so we can better evaluate if it is meant to the states or another country as my main investment is to the states and expecting memebers to be understanding of safety mesures a mass safety class is to admined to all the company and a placement in the saftey human resources is to have a manager on field floors at all times.If at anytime a safety class is missed a report will be made and if at anytime the position is missing the foundtion to the company must be reported back to the Epa envirnmental emerancy protection, and i will look in to another means of safety to the organization. We have advanced by counrty sir. with acceptance to the flag and the motion of the flag the memebrs have adapted to many areas. 
may you send a letter for me.
Dear, Father 
i am happy to say today the foundation is exanding the thought that we own the flag s by far a small way of thinking. i do hope you have a process to this as we exoand everyday and the people grow colder the darkness is only part of the way of life as my bones are hot and my body claims the full life by stack i can only hope your making the means to help my mind smile once again when i see you. i can only hope your making the right means of authorty to the lifes of another as you did here and left the people to fend on th means of the land, that your teaching was more than enough to make a counrty and a military papa with rights and believes of god in the foundation. it seems time is going by so fast that i am holding to the thought you will return only it may be at the retiring of the name, a new father may be in the making pa and i dont know who it is. 
with the fear that life may be the last resort as i cant leave my father it may be the thought that the people are more important than me holding fast to the name. what can i do? 
with love father